https://docs.docker.com/get-started/introduction/build-and-push-first-image/
    In Develop with containers, you used the following images that came from Docker Hub, each of which are Docker Official Images:
        - node - provides a Node environment and is used as the base of your development efforts. This image is also used as the base for the final application image.
        - mysql - provides a MySQL database to store the to-do list items
        - phpmyadmin - provides phpMyAdmin, a web-based interface to the MySQL database
        - traefik - provides Traefik, a modern HTTP reverse proxy and load balancer that routes requests to the appropriate container based on routing rules
    
    Try it out
        In this hands-on guide, you'll learn how to sign in to Docker Hub and push images to Docker Hub repository.

    Sign in with your Docker account
        To push images to Docker Hub, you will need to sign in with a Docker account.
            1. Open the Docker Dashboard.
            2. Select Sign in at the top-right corner.
            3. If needed, create an account and then complete the sign-in flow.
        Once you're done, you should see the Sign in button turn into a profile picture.

    Create an image repository
        Now that you have an account, you can create an image repository. Just as a Git repository holds source code, an image repository stores container images.

        1. Go to Docker Hub. (https://hub.docker.com)
        2. Select Create repository.
        3. On the Create repository page, enter the following information:

        => https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/ducvu1995/getting-started-todo-app/general

    Build and push the image
        Now that you have a repository, you are ready to build and push your image. An important note is that the image you are building extends the Node image, meaning you don't need to install or configure Node, yarn, etc. You can simply focus on what makes your application unique.

        What is an image/Dockerfile?

            Without going too deep yet, think of a container image as a single package that contains everything needed to run a process. In this case, it will contain a Node environment, the backend code, and the compiled React code.

            Any machine that runs a container using the image, will then be able to run the application as it was built without needing anything else pre-installed on the machine.

            A Dockerfile is a text-based script that provides the instruction set on how to build the image. For this quick start, the repository already contains the Dockerfile.

